Update team members after recent annual general meeting (#719)
brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io: frontend/about.md

>                     <a href="https://github.com/garveybiz" class="hover:underline role role-board text-role-board">Robert Garvey</a>: Welcome to Brisbane Social Chess. Come along and play with us, let us know your ideas, and help us organize future events.

Author: ```suggestion
                    <a href="https://github.com/garveybiz" class="hover:underline text-blue-400">Robert Garvey</a>: Welcome to Brisbane Social Chess. Come along and play with us, let us know your ideas, and help us organize future events.
```
